hello you love and welcome too
our second part of hand puppets
make yourself easy with lara and
martin mc donald often steering
today it's about mending and
rework the doll heads we have
The doll heads dried on the stove
which was a mistake
because they are too fast
dried and they have deep cracks
as you can see here, it is
advisable the doll heads at normal
room temperature to dry
It takes us two days to do that
took a while to mend and
reworking the doll heads something too
long time we turn off the video here
on time lapse to mend we have
something taken from the modeling clay
and soaked in some water by it
It gets soft and you can do it well in the
tears
It is important that the cracks
completely filled out otherwise
The doll's heads can do exactly this
make break later
it works best with the fingers and
a little screwdriver with one
You can brush the edges well later
Smooth so that you can tear later
no longer sees then comes yet
to fine-tune something again
nose the filling of dents that
rework the contours and such
further we also noticed when
to mend and rework
the surface of the head with something
longer soaked modeling clay and
some water gets rubbed in after that
Dry the surface beautifully and smoothly
you can paint them better
if necessary, can mend and
rework done several times
sometimes you can see a mistake
only the next day or like it
a little not to like what you
It is desirable to change before painting
it is advisable to take one or two more heads
to dry for a few days
because the color otherwise evaluate the
Modeling compound prevents and the color
also on the wet modeling clay
we are not holding up properly
beautiful
at the end of part 2 soon you can
in part 3 on the painting of the
happy dolls heads
here you can watch part 1 me
Hope you liked this video
If yes, you can subscribe
also favor and like over one
visit on our website we would
We are happy
So we'll see you in part 3 until then